- [Instructor] So now that we understand the project,
let's start up the application
and exercise some of the APIs by launching the application
and invoke them via Postman.
So on explorecaliApplication, I'm going to right-click it,
and say run
and we'll watch the console.
So we see it started with Tomcat on port 80 80.
Now I've launched Postman
and I'll show you that you can import a set
of collection API calls.
This API demo1postmancollection.json file
if you click that and open it, I've already got it opened,
it will launch and then it starts
with this explore California APIs collection.
And this is just a shortcut I've added
so you don't have to type in each one of the API calls.
So within the introduction folder, select the first one,
which is, get all tour packages.
So here's the HTTP call to get all the tour packages,
click send
and we see there's our tour packages for Backpack Cali,
California Hot Springs, et cetera.
Now let's get all of the tours.
Here's all the details of my Big Sur Retreat Tour,
Death Valley,
Mount Whitney Climbers Tour.
Now, if I want to look up a tour by a tour package
in here I provide the code equals BC,
which is Backpack Cali.
So that's going to fetch just the Backpack Cali tours.
Next let's create a rating.
In the body of that I'm sending a JSON string.
The score is five, the comment was, I thought it was okay.
and the customer ID is eight,
and this would be for tour with the ID equal one,
send that post method and let's see,
the results was that that was created.
Now let's look up a rating.
Let's call the tours/1/ratings API,
which will get all the ratings for tour one.
And there's the one we just created.
Let's get the average score for a tour.
And the average score was five.
And let's update a rating with the put verb.
So we're going to update the tour rating,
have customer four who thought it was not that great
and a score of one.
This has been a very quick overview
of our starting point code base.
If you have access to the exercise files,
I really encourage you to take the time
to familiarize yourself with it.
Good developers are always looking to improve their code.
So, developer, we know this is not production ready.
How can we do better?